John, the CEO of a company, plays golf.
John, CEO of the company, plays golf.
John who is CEO of a company plays golf.
John plays golf and John is a CEO of a company.
I tried to speak Spanish, and my friend tried to speak English.
Alejandro played football, so Maria went shopping.
Alejandro played football, for Maria went shopping.
Enrolled course should not be taken before by that student and the student should satisfy the pre-requisite for that course.
A student will have library card and can issue at most 3 books from the library.
The woman who called my mom sells cosmetics.
The book that Jonathan read is on the shelf.
The house which Abraham Lincoln was born in is still standing.
The town where I grew up is in the United States.
A student can participate in participate in communities and attendance in meetings are recorded.
	A community can have many members but only one admin.
	Community can host events but those events are to be registered before the academic year starts.
	A course cannot span more than 40 lectures and has five units.
	Every unit of the course has self-study part and homework.
	A students has to earn credits and every course has a threshold to pass
	Home assignment are given by lecturers and are to be submitted by students in given deadline
	Full marks are given if assignments are submitted before deadline but no marks are given after deadline.
	Less marks are awarded for assignments submitted before deadline, for marks depend on time of submission.
	A lecturer can take surprise tests but the number of tests should not increase more than two.
	Course can be theoretical or practical so some course have lab sessions.
	Defaulters are not allowed to sit in exam as attendance is compulsory.
	A teacher can guide students regarding project but he cannot guide more than 5 project groups.
	Students can take group project but the number of students in the group should not be more than 5
	A project has a title, guide, group members and domain and the domain should be one of the speciality of the guide.
	A project can be real world project or hypothetical and real world projects carry more marks
	A student has to secure minimum marks to pass in any subject yet he may fail if he is defaulter.
	Students participating in extracurricular activities are given exemption from attendance but the exemption is only 5% of the total attendance of the course
	All students from third year can participate in campus placements but they should not have any backlog.
	Students not securing passing marks in any subject will have to clear that subject, so unclear subjects are backlog of that particular student.
	Student passing in all subjects but failing in viva is not awarded any credits
	Student can keep a book for at most 10 days from the date of issuing and after that date a fine of 10 Rs per day is to be paid
	Student give feedback of subject and teacher and accordingly rank of teacher is set
	Students are divided among different divisions and they are further divided in batches
	A batch can be of 10 or more students but the students should not be more than 20.
	A student can take 4 courses at a time but any number of projects.
	The hospital is divided into wings which are further divided into floor.
	A department may span multiple floors but it cannot go across multiple wings
	Booking can be done online for which registered users will get bonus points.
	Employees are managed by team leaders which are managed by project managers.

	
	
	
